most of the Chinese smartphones
represent a few sensual
products that can hardly
interest modern buyer
Of course attributed to this category meizu
mx3 does not turn the language but still
smartphone is not perfect and you will soon find out
why with you dmitry project surgeon he and
Now I will name 5 reasons for which
worth buying
meizu mx3 reason number one design i
I think for anyone will not be a revelation
what meizu mx3 looks like an old iphone
3g and many are repelled by this similarity but
it looks like an iphone means cheap
Chinese fake gloss with no heel
rounded edges single button
simple geometric shape on the front
the panel is tightly associated with
other products of the company from cupertino
besides the above gloss is pretty
brands that also can not be called
body worth the only way
somehow solve this lobov
multi-colored back covers if question
more bones probably don’t solve it
compare bright orange smartphone with
products apple company can
perhaps the most vehement apple fan
reason number two is one inadequate
technical solution those who have already watched
our detailed review probably guessed
we are talking about the mechanism of opening the phone
pick a cover for a small pick with a pick
hole and then another snaps off the panel
not the easiest thing to do especially when
it happens the first time you are somewhere in
ways in the absence of special
tool at hand make it bare
hands you certainly can not agree
thanks to this technical solution
managed to achieve chic solidity with
the other side is the same samsung galaxy
s4 is also well shot down but its cover
removed much easier to the same can
consider that under the hood is not waiting for us
nothing but a micro sim card slot
even this non-removable battery
previous sentence follows
the next reason for the lack of opportunity
to expand the memory so it happened that we
want to be free in all our
making and when someone tries us
limit we try to resist
approximately the same situation with
memory while buying a smartphone
most of us surely know
how much memory to him
but we want to be able to
expand storage if it is suddenly us
will need this smartphone like
many others
this option has no reason number four
work of third-party applications if with
everyday programs all okay
some games sometimes slow down though
characteristics allow you to work
ok but jaide trigger 2 and no
not officially supported by the device
although I get tired and carried away in the meantime to my
surprise earned adequately well and
last fifth reason refers not
only to mx3 but to many others
devices are biased towards
products that are not just collected
or made and completely made in
China
despite the existence of such giants
in electronics like lenovo and huawei
as well as small companies like xiaomi
and meizu which produces top-notch
equipment and sell it at a nice price
Many still believe that the Chinese
Darn only consumer goods precisely this
leads to the fact that our hero and the like
he does not have an ombre so big
popularity despite the fact that its not
Delivery must be listed on the fingers
one hand now you know five reasons
on which you should not buy the mxt base
if you are interested in a and point of view
watch our video material in which
I talk about the merits of it
apparatus link as always in the description
You can also find detailed links.
texts video review editors firms com
thanks a lot
online store citrus yuri for
provided for the test meizu mx3
it was a video on a stick figure site we are waiting
your finger up subscribe to the channel
as well as on our website
social networking groups
Thank you all for watching so far and also
small companies Vladik
Now you know five reasons for which
worth
we write the editorial surgeon he expresses the needle
huge thankful
shaft